REFLECTION.md, before:




Describe the path an HTTP Request takes from a browser to your GitHub Pages site.



We discussed Docker Containers in class. Explain how a Docker Container differs from the environment provided by GitHub Pages.
https://github.com/joycej003/joycej003.github.io




AI Attribution: If you used GenAI (ChatGPT, Claude, etc.) to help write code, you must include the prompt you used and explain one logic error the AI made that you had to fix manually.

I did not use GenAI. 
I used the automatic ai in visual studio code to help write code when it predicts what words I want to type. For example, when I wanted to add a class, after I manually added the class tag to some sections, it predicted it when I started typing again. I  use ai to quickly write both the open and close tags when it comes up, for example, when I was making the lists, it would predict <li> </li> and I would accept it instead of manually typing it out to be quicker.
An error it made was when I added a class and id in the same tag to do the specificity challenge and it wanted to delete the ' id=" ' so that it became only a class with combinated name of both the class and id name.

Commit message:

finished REFLECTION, css changes, sticky nav bar.

REFLECTION.md, after:


Describe the path an HTTP Request takes from a browser to your GitHub Pages site.

The browser sends an HTTP request over the internet to the github server. The github server then sends the HTML back to the browser through the internet and the browser renders the HTML into the github page site.


We discussed Docker Containers in class. Explain how a Docker Container differs from the environment provided by GitHub Pages.

A docker container allows an application to run in an isolated environment. A docker image have all the files, libraries and packages needed to run the application.

Github is more for coding and collaborating. In github, multiple people can work in the same repositories, making branches and merging. It is for coding and tracking the changes.



AI Attribution: If you used GenAI (ChatGPT, Claude, etc.) to help write code, you must include the prompt you used and explain one logic error the AI made that you had to fix manually.

I did not use GenAI to generate code. 
I did use the automatic ai in visual studio code to help write code when it predicts what code I want to type. For example, when I wanted to add a class, after I manually added a class to a tag to some sections, it predicted it when I started typing again.

An error it made was when I added a class and id in the same tag to do the specificity challenge and it wanted to delete the ' id=" ' so that it became only a class with combinated name of both the class and id name.
